Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
It's my daughter...
If I believe in fate...
If we meet again, as if it were fate...
then I will really...
[I love you.]
This was the place that I hated
the most in the package itinerary.
But I think I'll feel more
comfortable about it now.
Thank you for driving all this way.
What are you going to do tomorrow?
I'll do some laundry, and get
ready to welcome the next group.
Have you ever traveled in France?
I'm a guide. Traveling is my job.
Not like that. A real vacation.
As a drifter.
A vacation as a true traveler.
Go on a vacation.
Put down the flag, and travel freely.
I don't have time for that.
There's a lineup of package
vacation travelers
and I have to study in my free time.
I don't need to travel.
I just want to do nothing.
I want to read, take naps,
and dream all day long.
That's a vacation too.
I can't afford to do that.
You're going straight to work, right?
Will you be okay?
I don't think so.
I'm back!
It's a question of
who will pull the trigger first.
Are you going to get fired?
They can't do that. The company
made a huge mistake.
Isn't it more about who has more
power rather than who made the mistake?
That's true, but there are loyal
people who have a conscience
so it's okay. I can live
as long as that exists.
I asked to come here just to tell you
I wanted to break up and sever contact.
You must feel sad.
No, there's nothing to be sad about.
I'm not sad at all.
Jerk.
We're going to meet again anyway.
You said that's our fate.
He's a good person.
[Mi Jung]
Fine! I won't get married! I won't
make you suffer so I can be happy!
I won't get married, okay?
The number can't be reached...
I'm sorry. I don't think
we can get married.
You wouldn't pick up all day.
You turned out well in the video.
I think we can let our daughter
become a movie director.
Cut! Again!
Thank you for accepting my dad.
A man who can't do anything right.
However...
I love you.
I love you. I love you.
I'll call you "Mom" one day.
Please wait, even if it takes a while.
I resent you so much.
Really.
You were well behaved
for the last few days.
It's my daughter.
You have to pay a fine
of 50,000 won if you get drunk.
Wasn't it 30,000 won?
I guess your mind is clear. Get in here!
Hurry.
Geez, my neck almost broke.
Use the pillow.
Na Hyun.
Back in my day,
if you didn't go to college
and didn't have a proper job,
people treated you like crap.
Aren't you going to brush your teeth?
But that's how it is these days too.
- Do you want your toothbrush?
- I'm sorry.
I should have made
this world into a place
where people don't discriminate
based on expulsion or occupation.
I'm sorry, Na Hyun.
It's not like you have
that kind of power.
I want you to do that.
Live a fun and cool life,
without going to college.
And don't get looked down on
because you didn't go to college.
Prove them wrong.
I told you to brush your teeth first.
What are you doing here?
What is this?
How did you know I was here?
I didn't know.
This is the way to our hotel.
Were you looking for me?
No.
What's wrong?
Do you want to hear something funny?
I came to hang this up.
But we're not allowed anymore.
All those locks broke the fence,
so they tore it down.
That's okay. That lock
doesn't have any meaning.
Why doesn't anything work out for me?
Aren't I allowed to have some hope?
I was going to ride that ship.
If you keep standing
and feel the wind on your face
you feel like a model or a female lead.
But apparently, it's really cold.
Maybe hope... is something like that.
You wait for it without
knowing what it really is
while you're miserable in the present.
Just like us.
I know, right?
Today is an important day for us.
It's been seven years since we met.
We couldn't blow out the candles either.
I was going to propose to you today.
I was going to tell you that we can get
married because I got the investment.
That I'd make you happy forever.
I was going to hang up the lock,
give you the ring
and sing you a song.
But I can't do anything for you anymore.
That's not important in our relationship.
It wasn't important to us,
but it was important to me.
I didn't want you to feel inferior
when you introduced me as your husband.
I wanted to feel that.
I... just want to love.
I don't want to brag about it.
I thought about it all wrong.
There's no connection between
marriage and the investment.
Damn it.
I won't think that way anymore.
Marriage isn't our goal, and the baby
we'll have isn't our goal either.
I won't live just for the baby
if we have one.
I'm just going to love you.
Forever, without a reason.
- It's cold, isn't it?
- Yeah.
You bought a ring, huh? Let me see it.
I'll put it on for you.
Are you crazy? This looks expensive!
I thought my investment
would come through.
Get a hold of yourself.
- I'll return it.
- Forget it.
- Where are you going?
- I don't know. I need to poop.
Hey!
Did you sleep well last night?
- Yes!
How could you do that? You're smiling
just before you have to leave.
We always answered you, didn't we?
You didn't.
But this group was
my favorite group thus far.
You caused the fewest accidents and
listened to my instructions very well.
Although there were some exceptions.
There's one more activity
before we head to the airport.
What's the one thing we haven't
done since we came to France?
- Shopping!
- You did that.
Shopping! That's correct!
You can't leave out group shopping
on a package vacation.
I thought long and hard
before I chose one place.
Just remember these two things.
First, tax refund.
There are employees who can speak
Korean, so they'll explain it to you.
And second, free samples.
Just take all the free samples
they give you.
They're perfect travel size products for
your next vacation. You have two hours!
Where is it?
- Pick one.
- Huh?
- How?
Just pick one.
I can't.
- Did you buy anything?
- Just a hand cream for my mom.
- Would you like help checking out?
- That's okay.
This is all I need.
Wow, this is France.
It's raining all of a sudden.
What will we do for two hours?
It's only been 15 minutes.
- I know, right?
- Do you think we'll use the time?
I don't know about anyone else,
but my girlfriend will.
I like people like you, Head Chief Jung.
You only took five minutes.
- What's your secret?
- "Avatar" shopping.
I never exceed the three steps.
First, I receive the order.
Second, I show it to the employee.
Third, I buy it.
- Done.
- Wow.
- Are you done?
- Are you done shopping?
I didn't have anything to buy.
I can't even use up what I have already.
What about your husband?
My skin tone... You scared me!
You scared me more.
Big Sis, pick out
a cosmetic product for me.
I don't know much about men's products.
- You think...
- Please help me out.
I don't know what to buy for my wife.
- Why doesn't she pick it out?
- She said it's a waste of money.
What does she normally use?
- Cosmetic products. What else?
- That's not what I mean.
- Is she dry?
- Yeah, she's the casual type.
But she's meticulous
when she needs to be.
I'm not talking about her
personality. Her skin type.
Her skin? What about it?
Gosh, you're too much, Mister.
The thing is... she's never used
good cosmetic products before.
I don't care about the price.
Just pick out the best one for her, okay?
Okay, follow me.
Wait.
This is Arc de Triomphe de I'Étoile.
Below the arc, you can find the grave of
an unknown soldier who died in WWI.
Ever since this grave was made,
the fire has never gone out.
And the flowers have never died.
In France, I strongly feel that French
people work hard to remember history.
If we forget because it has
nothing to do with us
we'll be victims one day,
and they know that very well.
I want to say one more thing.
People go on vacations to become happy.
Please don't forget that the world
becomes happier the happier you become.
But there are a few types
of people you mustn't travel with.
First, the lazy type.
If you travel with them, you have to
plan out the trip all my yourself.
But these people also complain a lot.
"This hostel sucks. This food
sucks." It's really annoying.
- What should they do?
- They can go on a package vacation.
That's right! You get a prize.
There's a prize?
This is a delicious wine
that's hard to find in Korea.
Wow!
Second, the dictator type.
"Trust me. I'll do everything."
They plan out the whole trip
and all the food choices
but it's impossible to like all of it.
If you complain, they'll get mad.
What should they do?
I know! They can go
on a package vacation.
That's right! You get a prize!
This is too hard!
Third, the unprepared type.
They didn't bring any cosmetics
so they ask to borrow yours.
- I know! A package vacation!
- That's right!
Don't run!
- Next...
- Thank you.
I'll let San Ma Ru
answer the last question.
You really don't want to
travel with this type.
"You worked hard. Thank you.
I'm sorry. I love you."
There are people who don't express
their feelings. What should they do?
- Go on a package vacation?
- That's right.
How is that right?
The guide will express it for them.
Everyone, you worked hard
on this long vacation.
I'm very thankful, sorry
and... I love you all.
You can get on now.
It'll be crowded
because it's the weekend.
Please hurry.
Remember to eat your meals. Stay healthy.
And thank you.
Visit us in Korea.
I will, Mother. Please stay healthy.
You worked hard, Big Sis Guide.
It must have been hard
eating food you didn't like.
- Buy yourself a nice meal.
- Thank you.
Call me when you come to Korea.
Buy me a delicious meal.
I will.
I'll come back with my friends.
Please do that.
Thank you.
I didn't buy that dress.
Can you help me buy it?
Of course. Just give me a call.
Thank you.
Please give me a guide rating
of 10 out of 10.
I will.
Please go inside!
Goodbye!
- Bye!
- Have a safe trip!
You're the best. Take care of yourself.
Please stay healthy, Mother!
I'll miss you! I'll see you again!
Have a safe trip.
Are you safely on your way?
How far along are you?
[Arrivals]
We arrived safely.
I arrived safely too,
without any problems.
You should have known better.
What is this?
I'm not into this stuff.
My friend asked for this.
He's lonely, you see. I'm sorry.
- Hurry up!
- I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
An elite should know better.
You made us wait both ways!
- I'm sorry.
- Hey, stop it!
We took a photo together,
and exchanged phone numbers.
One, two, three!
We agreed to meet at Gapyeong Garden
for a drink next week.
But, strangely...
I feel like I came to
a new place for a vacation.
Even though it's my own house.
I'm sure we'll be able to talk about
things like this one day.
Because... we'll meet again one day.
It's been a long time since I've
been home, but nothing has changed.
Everything is in its rightful place.
My clothes, my books, my makeup.
And my friend too.
But everything still looks different.
My friend, the landscapes,
and the atmosphere.
My face looks different too.
I'm going to meet a new group
of strangers today.
The only thing that's familiar to me
are the shoes you gave me.
I'll have a nice day.
I hope you have a good day too.
Hello! I'm back!
- Did you have fun?
- I bought what you wanted.
I was lonely. Let's go.
You've been put on standby.
I cleaned it off.
I didn't want anyone else to do it.
Don't trust Deputy Oh.
Did you have a good trip?
You look even better.
Didn't you miss me?
Do you want to explain
the 1.4 billion won charge?
- They're just trying to scare you.
- Is that all it takes?
Be honest. You're scared.
Confirm that you don't have the files
and sign an agreement
that you won't harm the company.
Rather than causing trouble by firing you
they'd prefer to keep you
and manage you carefully.
They'll cancel the lawsuit too.
If I sign that, the truth
that I know will become a lie.
That's what they want.
Is that why they sued me?
As long as I agree with them,
it becomes a lie.
It's not that difficult.
It's not over yet.
Your job here, and our relationship.
We can start over from scratch.
Don't feel sad.
I did my best to fight for you.
- You knew, didn't you?
- What?
That the company is testing
their new drugs. You knew, right?
You ordered me to ship those
containers, even though you knew, right?
You should have told me
you were on their side.
Then it wouldn't have hurt so much.
I'm off.
Did you wait long?
We were stuck in traffic.
I missed you, Na Hyun.
I wanted to eat at a nice restaurant.
France influenced me.
After sitting in outdoor cafes
all week, I feel stuffy inside.
- You're a French woman now.
- I am.
And... thank you.
You recommended restaurants
everywhere I went, and took care of me.
I don't like where this is going.
I feel anxious.
I was really happy...
when you proposed to me.
I was really happy.
But it wasn't because I liked you.
I just liked the situation.
"I can't believe such a cool man
likes me. It's not over for me just yet."
You know how it is.
I'm mean, aren't I?
- You're a bad woman.
- You're right.
Because a cool man liked me
I felt like I became a cool woman too.
It's a pitiful thought...
but I felt like I had more worth.
As a result... I started
liking you more and more.
Because you made me
into a pretty cool woman.
That's why...
every time I fight with my
boyfriend, I become a bad person.
Do you have a boyfriend?
Yes, I'm sorry I couldn't
tell you earlier.
I figured. That time...
You're going on a vacation, huh?
With whom?
With a friend.
Your answer was delayed,
so I thought I had a chance.
I just didn't want anyone at work
to know I was going with my boyfriend.
It doesn't matter.
I still would have proposed
even if I knew you had a boyfriend.
- Is this a rejection?
- Yes.
Don't switch departments.
And don't move companies either.
We still have a lot to do.
I won't go anywhere until
someone offers me higher pay.
I'm sorry, but I'll work hard
to make up for it.
[Memorandum of Obligation]
[Kim Kyung Jae]
I'm sorry it turned out this way.
You'll get an investment elsewhere
if you work hard.
Cheer up. You're still young.
Is it a given to suffer...
because I'm young?
It's also... a privilege to be young.
I'm off. And try to pay me back on time.
Let's grab a meal together sometime.
[Misdeed Confirmation]
You were absent without leave.
I heard about the approval cancelation
when I was on vacation.
I couldn't come to work
because I was abroad.
Then you were absent without leave.
You also stole your superior's ID
and uncovered the company's secret...
I used his ID, but I didn't steal it.
That's similar to saying
you hit him but didn't beat him up.
Did you... delete the files?
It'll get complicated if you still
have them. From our point of view
you're slandering the company
or you're making it advantageous for
our competitors with false information.
It's not false information.
They disguised new drugs as normal drugs
and donated them to Africa.
Do you have proof?
There were no related documents!
I completed them
and even had them approved.
There should be related documents.
Bring the other department members.
I've never asked anyone to do that
so there wouldn't be
any documents either.
I've never received that order,
and I never made it either.
This is clearly...
an effort to sabotage our company
with someone's instigation.
Isn't our forwarding company Cooperate?
- Who manages them?
- I do.
Were there any supplies
that were sent to Africa
during the first half of the year?
There were two.
Were there any or not?
There were...
Were there any supply that were sent to
Africa during the first half of the year?
There were two.
Were there any or not?
There were...
none sent to Africa.
Head Chief Jung, it's me.
Hey, I was planning to give you a call.
Do you remember the containers sent
to Africa that you asked me about?
Yes, that's why I called.
I'm certain we sent them,
but there are no documents.
- There are no documents?
- That's what I'm telling you.
There are no records
of the transaction either.
It makes me wonder
if I remembered it wrong.
We should get together sometime.
Will I see you at Gapyeong Garden?
I'll call you back.
Isn't it more about who has more
power than who made the mistake?
Sent!
I'm tired.
- Enjoy.
- Thank you.
- Huh?
- I knew it.
[DF Ver] E12 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
I don't need any of this!
I want to talk to your boss!
You locked us up at the airport
and made us suffer!
Am I like that? Really?
I want to talk to your boss!
I'm not in France to tour the airport!
You don't seem so bad in the video.
Am I worse than this?
None of these spots are reserved!
What do they do for a month?
Doesn't it get boring?
Do I always look so distressed?
You don't look distressed.
You look pretty.
Really? Am I pretty?
How pretty?
Who cares? Just be happy
with what you've got.
[Misconduct Confirmation]
There's a saying I really like.
It goes like this.
"If you don't make it into
a problem, it's not a problem."
I think this saying suits this situation.
Why don't we do this?
If you sign this agreement
I'll make sure you won't
run into any issues.
And you won't owe 1.4 billion won either.
Isn't our company great?
You should stay for a long time.
In other words,
it's not like you have anything.
So So.
So So!
Hey. Hey.
- Sign it.
- So So...
Almost there.
Maupassant, who wrote
"Une Vie," was very against it.
But he later became a regular customer
at the Eiffel Tower restaurant.
It's not normally included,
but I make sure to include it.
There's a painting too, so take a walk...
Yes, Chief. I'm almost done.
I just need to add a period.
It's not a mountain.
It's Tombland Island.
You can go there when the tide is low...
Just the same old.
We're not finished. Sit down.
It's true that I don't have anything.
This is all I have.
The missing documents and the supply
that was sent to Africa are all here.
Let's take it to the end.
What? Are you done already?
I was planning to yell on my way in.
Can you still call yourselves elite?
If you study hard and get a good job,
does that make you better than everyone?
You don't have the right
to yell at anyone.
I was going to yell the loudest at you.
Listen to this punk.
How loud were you going to yell?
Yell if you can!
What's the use of yelling
at another slave?
Do you think I don't know that?
Everyone in this office knows it!
But why do I live like this?
It's because there are
ranks among slaves, too.
I see. I hope you live that way forever.
Have you used it yet?
I'm not lonely at night anymore.
- I'll call you.
- Sure.
I'm doing well.
Are you doing well too?
I feel like I could chat with you
all night at a French live bar.
Maupassant, who wrote "Une Vie"...
That's the St. Vincent Cathedral.
Take the shuttle bus...
These villas turned
into designer shops...
We're going to have lunch here...
It's a shabby grave
for a world-famous painter.
That's a painting by Van Gogh...
At the top of the cathedral...
The aristocrats of Europe gathered...
Are you our guide?
Yes!
Go on a vacation.
Put down the flag, and travel freely.
I'm going on a vacation.
Why aren't you answering me?
A guide is telling me she wants to go
on a vacation. What should I say?
"I see. You wanted
to go on a vacation, huh?"
"Then you must need money."
"How much would you like?" Like this?
So So is a good talker.
This is the biggest bullshit
I've heard in the last 10 years.
Tomorrow's group has 22 people.
Did you check the reservations?
I'm going on a vacation.
I haven't decided where to go,
so I don't know how long it'll take.
Geez, your little brother lied to me
and you're threatening me.
Am I your family's enemy?
Why are you doing this to me?
Boss, you do know what a vacation is?
Of course I do. It's a business
that leaves less than 15% profit.
It means to leave
for a vacation as a wanderer.
That's a real vacation.
You're a real talker, aren't you?
Are you serious?
Yes.
Fine, then take a package vacation.
I'll give you a discount.
Gosh.
Chief, you have a package.
- Who sent it?
- It's...
from Ma Ru.
Ma Ru?
I will express what I couldn't say
with a small gift.
This punk. I guess he
reflected on his actions.
What's this?
Is this a dog or a bird?
("Dog" and "bird" sound like "bastard.")
This son of a bitch...
[Honey, don't be sick, so we can
live a long, happy life together...]
Honey, how have you been?
I'm going to get married.
I'll raise Na Hyun well,
and do my best to be happy.
Please let me hit it big in one shot!
Please help me so that I won't be
swayed by anyone or anything.
Please help me to be happy.
Go away, pimples! A promotion for Dad!
I want a boyfriend too!
I hope my entire family
will live a happy and healthy life.
What are you going to write?
"I want to go home."
These five syllables.
You just got here.
I caused a commotion at work,
and I have personal matters too.
I don't think I should have come.
I want to just go home.
I understand. That could
actually be everyone's wish.
Yes, Chief. I'm almost done.
I just need to add a period.
I can't finish in a minute.
Maybe in a few hours...
[Go home...]
[I want to go home.]
- Wow!
- That's why...
Did you wait long?
Geez.
- It's bland.
- It's bland?
Why can't a restaurant
get the flavor right?
Can you still call this
a premium chicken soup?
- I want to talk to your boss!
- Stop it already.
Why do you always tell me to stop?
Call the boss!
Gosh, stop it already. I was wrong, okay?
If it's bland, you should
ask for salt, not the boss.
Call the salt!
I want to talk to salt!
What's his number?
Geez, seriously. I've had enough of this.
Stop it. They're all having fun.
- I think it's funny too.
- You...
Kyung Jae, I heard you hit it big.
- Geez, it's no big deal.
- That's right.
I saw it on the internet.
- How much did you make?
- It's not much.
Aren't you supposed to give out gifts?
That's why we brought these.
- Geez, I'm embarrassed.
- Hurry up.
Wow, you were preparing for a business.
Who knew you'd become a writer?
I know, right?
I like the title.
"How to Win at Life as a Dirt Spoon."
Writer Kim Kyung Jae.
Amazing. There's nothing
written inside. This is hilarious.
- You're right.
- There's no method, is there?
Geez, who would buy these?
This is a best-seller right now.
How did you come up with this idea?
I failed my business
and got betrayed by a senior I trusted.
I really wanted to die.
[The Secret to a Businessman's Success]
I'm sure there's a way
people can succeed.
But not for me. That's why I made this.
There's no way for a dirt spoon
to succeed in one shot.
Did you bring this to the publisher?
I wanted to sell it as a notebook,
so I looked into crowdfunding
but a publisher contacted me
and said they'd publish it.
I guess you saved on ink costs.
Aren't you making money too easily?
Gosh, you're too much.
Did you bring one for Ma Ru?
I have one for him,
but I can't contact him.
By the way, is our elite doing well?
Has it been three months now?
Is he still in Africa?
Yes, I talk to him from
time to time. He's doing well.
- Did he really go on vacation?
- Of course.
I saw him the day before he left.
I've always thought this way.
"I did nothing wrong.
The company was wrong."
You can never love a company too much.
But I thought about it, and realized
that I was a part of the company.
Therefore, we were both
responsible for this crime.
Just forget about it.
You'll probably lose this battle.
Regardless of who will win,
we should apologize first.
You can't just go to Africa
and apologize to everyone you see.
- Are you going?
- Yes.
That's something you'd do.
I'll go and check if there were
side effects, offer treatments
and discard any leftover medicine.
Yeah, that's one way to apologize.
And you'll have evidence too.
I can't do much,
but I'll do what I can to help.
Please just keep this a secret.
He's going all over the place,
so his vacation was extended.
This is why it's great
working in a big corporation!
Did he take a direct flight?
It must have been expensive.
No, he had a layover in England
on his way there
and he'll stop in France on his way back.
But... I wonder if our pretty
Big Sis Guide is doing well.
I'm sure she's doing well.
I'm sure she is.
- I hope so.
- I hope she's doing well.
I miss her.
Buy yourself a traveling bag.
Are you worried a guide
doesn't have a proper bag?
What... does a travel bag mean to you?
If you pack a bag,
you'll learn who you are.
It's not just about packing some clothes.
Cold medicine.
You'll realize what you like the most.
And what you're the most scared of.
Mosquito medicine.
You'll also realize
what you have to give up.
And you'll learn
what you mustn't give up.
What do you think?
Buy a new bag, and pack your things.
If you do, you'll learn who you are
and you'll also realize
where it is that you want to go.
I'm back.
I'll come again.
I'll be back.
Was it in the first year
of college? In April?
Soo Soo went on a trip
to Gyeongju. Try to remember.
That's right. My daughter also...
went to Gyeongju then.
You went together, didn't you?
- You tricked us.
- See?
If we interrogate them,
we'll get the answers.
At bride and groom meetings, aren't you
supposed to brag about your children
and ask us to take care of each other?
Are you children we can brag about?
I told you to turn off your phone
during important meetings.
I'm sorry.
- Big Sis?
- Is it So So?
Yeah, it's me. I'm at the airport.
You are? Which one?
Charles de Gaulle Airport.
I'm going home.
You're coming home? Right now?
Not for good.
I still have school and work
to wrap up, so I'm just dropping by.
Mom?
Did you eat?
I ate. What about you, Mom?
Travel safely. And don't go
anywhere dangerous, okay?
Am I a baby?
Mom, when I came to France
I bought plates, side dishes,
and everything I needed.
But I realized I didn't have
a blanket when I went to bed.
So I went to buy a blanket the next day
but I realized that that was my
first time buying a blanket on my own.
Even though I've bought clothes
and makeup on my own before.
You're all grown up, my daughter.
A woman is all grown up
once she buys a blanket by herself.
Yeah.
But...
while I bought the blanket...
I really missed you.
Mom, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm the one who's sorry.
Should we go to karaoke?
So So is coming home,
so we should celebrate!
Carrying a backpack...
on the green hills!
Toward the field...
where the golden sun festival opens...
Toward the valley!
As we look for the water
flowing through the valley...
from where we hear the echo sounds!
That's where we'll go for our vacation!
One more time.
You can't just take pictures like that!
Don't erase these pictures, okay?
I'm late.
[Thank you for watching "The Package."]
Subtitles by DramaFever